# `03.md`

HW: `Assignment: Hypothesis Testing Practice Quiz`

---

## Notation

Let

```
mu_M
```

be the mean math test scores of the students taught with the machines and

```
mu_H
```

be the mean test scores of the students taught with human instructors.

## 01

The null hypothesis is

```
mu_M = mu_H.
```

## 02

The alternative hypothesis is

```
mu_M =/= mu_H.
```

## 03

The machine is either

- **more** effective than human instructors (on average) at raising its students' test scores, or
- **equally or less** effective than human instructors (on average) at raising its students' test scores

## 04

The machines are either more or less effective than human instructors.

## 05

No, the goal is increase students' math test scores. We have just spent more money for no reason.

## 06

Arguably no, but its possible that there may be more cost-effective and sustainable long-term solution that don't force our school to depend on one specialized vendor (e.g. paying math teachers more and reducing their class size).

## 07

We can either reject the null hypothesis or fail to reject the null hypothesis.

Our study data can either indicate that the null hypothesis is highly unlikely or it can agree with the null hypothesis. However, we cannot "prove" the null hypothesis no matter how much data we collect.

# 08

The significane threshold likely varies with different applications, but `0.05` is commonly used. So it's safe to answer `5%` here there aren't additional clarification.

## 09

- Increase the test sample size population, i.e. lease more machines, and/or
- Increase the math tests, e.g. record data for midterms as well as finals
